---
title: 权当是个单词本
date: 2022年2月23日
categories:
    - 非技术
---

1. `suffice` `subtle` 
However, in many cases it **suffices** to generate the **subtle** indirect lighting effects; unprecise results are often acceptable, as long as the indirect lighting effect is visible.
2. `pausible` `coherent`
In this paper, we describe how the illumination due to this large set of light sources(pixels lights) can be computed efficiently and coherently, resulting in approximate, yet **plausible** and **coherent** indirect light.
3. `decouple`
In order to **decouple** scene complexity from redering performance as far as possible...
4. `robustly`
Out technique(SSR) **robustly** handles spatially-varying material properties, such as roughness and normals.
5. `compensate`
Use jittering to **compensate** for the banding artifacts that result from such spaced samples.
6. `diagonal`
This can step **diagonally** between pixels.
7. `analogous`
Traversing the path of a reflection ray across the depth buffer is **analogous** to tracing a ray across a height field.
8. `exploit`
We need to make sure that we **exploit** our resources as fully as possible.
9. `minuscule`
(When the direction of the ray is nearly perpendicular to the surface normal, the cosine is almost 0.)All the expense of evaluating the BRDF and tracing a ray to find the incoming radiance will be essentially wasted, as the contribution to the final result will be **minuscule**.
10. `coarse`
Using a Hi-Z Buffer, a screen space ray can be traversed at a fine-grained resolution corresponding to mip level 0 and increasingly **coarser-grained** resolutions at higher mip-levels.